VNext docs. (#40)
SixLabors/docs: articles/imagesharp/pixelbuffers.md

**Non-conformant code:**
```C#

> Span<Rgba32> span = imageFrame.PixelBuffer.DangerousGetRowSpan(y);

Reviewer: I would delete the entire code sample. Today, we have analyzers to watch this + we don't want this much visibility for `imageFrame.PixelBuffer.DangerousGetRowSpan(y)`.

Author: Happy to do that 👍

```

### Exporting raw pixel data from an `Image<T>`

> You can use @"SixLabors.ImageSharp.Image`1.CopyPixelDataTo*" to access the whole contiguous pixel buffer, for example, to copy the pixel data into an array. For large, multi-megapixel images, however, the data must be accessed and copied per row:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use @"SixLabors.ImageSharp.Image`1.CopyPixelDataTo*" to copy the pixel data to a user buffer. Note that the following sample code leads to to significant extra GC allocation in case of large images, which can be avoided by processing the image row-by row instead.
```
